README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <br />
    <p>
        <a href="https://wwebjs.dev"><img src="https://github.com/wwebjs/assets/blob/main/Collection/GitHub/wwebjs.png?raw=true" title="whatsapp-web.js" alt="WWebJS Website" width="500" /></a>
    </p>
    <br />
    <p>
		<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/whatsapp-web.js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/whatsapp-web.js.svg" alt="npm" /></a>
        <a href="https://depfu.com/github/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js?project_id=9765"><img src="https://badges.depfu.com/badges/4a65a0de96ece65fdf39e294e0c8dcba/overview.svg" alt="Depfu" /></a>
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp_Web-2.3000.1017054665-brightgreen.svg" alt="WhatsApp_Web 2.2346.52" />
        <a href="https://discord.gg/H7DqQs4"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/698610475432411196.svg?logo=discord" alt="Discord server" /></a>
	</p>
    <br />
</div>

## About
**A WhatsApp API client that operates via the WhatsApp Web browser.**

The library launches the WhatsApp Web browser app via Puppeteer, accessing its internal functions and creating a managed instance to reduce the risk of being blocked. This gives the API client nearly all WhatsApp Web features for dynamic use in a Node.js application.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **It is not guaranteed you will not be blocked by using this method. WhatsApp does not allow bots or unofficial clients on their platform, so this shouldn't be considered totally safe.**

## Links

* [GitHub][gitHub]
* [Guide][guide] ([source][guide-source])
* [Documentation][documentation] ([source][documentation-source])
* [Discord Server][discord]
* [npm][npm]

## Installation

The module is available on [npm][npm] via `npm i whatsapp-web.js`!

> [!NOTE]
> **Node ``v18`` or higher, is required.**  
> See the [Guide][guide] for quick upgrade instructions.

## Example usage

```js
const { Client } = require('whatsapp-web.js');

const client = new Client();

client.on('qr', (qr) => {
    // Generate and scan this code with your phone
    console.log('QR RECEIVED', qr);
});

client.on('ready', () => {
    console.log('Client is ready!');
});

client.on('message', msg => {
    if (msg.body == '!ping') {
        msg.reply('pong');
    }
});

client.initialize();
```

Take a look at [example.js][examples] for another examples with additional use cases.  
For further details on saving and restoring sessions, explore the provided [Authentication Strategies][auth-strategies].


## Supported features

| Feature  | Status |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Multi Device  | ✅  |
| Send messages  | ✅  |
| Receive messages  | ✅  |
| Send media (images/audio/documents)  | ✅  |
| Send media (video)  | ✅ [(requires Google Chrome)][google-chrome]  |
| Send stickers | ✅ |
| Receive media (images/audio/video/documents)  | ✅  |
| Send contact cards | ✅ |
| Send location | ✅ |
| Send buttons | ❌  [(DEPRECATED)][deprecated-video] |
| Send lists | ❌  [(DEPRECATED)][deprecated-video] |
| Receive location | ✅ | 
| Message replies | ✅ |
| Join groups by invite  | ✅ |
| Get invite for group  | ✅ |
| Modify group info (subject, description)  | ✅  |
| Modify group settings (send messages, edit info)  | ✅  |
| Add group participants  | ✅  |
| Kick group participants  | ✅  |
| Promote/demote group participants | ✅ |
| Mention users | ✅ |
| Mention groups | ✅ |
| Mute/unmute chats | ✅ |
| Block/unblock contacts | ✅ |
| Get contact info | ✅ |
| Get profile pictures | ✅ |
| Set user status message | ✅ |
| React to messages | ✅ |
| Create polls | ✅ |
| Channels | ✅ |
| Vote in polls | 🔜 |
| Communities | 🔜 |

Something missing? Make an issue and let us know!

## Contributing

Feel free to open pull requests; we welcome contributions! However, for significant changes, it's best to open an issue beforehand. Make sure to review our [contribution guidelines][contributing] before creating a pull request. Before creating your own issue or pull request, always check to see if one already exists!

## Supporting the project

You can support the maintainer of this project through the links below

- [Support via GitHub Sponsors][gitHub-sponsors]
- [Support via PayPal][support-payPal]
- [Sign up for DigitalOcean][digitalocean] and get $200 in credit when you sign up (Referral)

## Disclaimer

This project is not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with WhatsApp or any of its subsidiaries or its affiliates. The official WhatsApp website can be found at [whatsapp.com][whatsapp]. "WhatsApp" as well as related names, marks, emblems and images are registered trademarks of their respective owners. Also it is not guaranteed you will not be blocked by using this method. WhatsApp does not allow bots or unofficial clients on their platform, so this shouldn't be considered totally safe.

## License

Copyright 2019 Pedro S Lopez  

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  
you may not use this project except in compliance with the License.  
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software  
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,  
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and  
limitations under the License.  


[guide]: https://guide.wwebjs.dev/guide
[guide-source]: https://github.com/wwebjs/wwebjs.dev/tree/main
[documentation]: https://docs.wwebjs.dev/
[documentation-source]: https://github.com/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js/tree/main/docs
[discord]: https://discord.gg/H7DqQs4
[gitHub]: https://github.com/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js
[npm]: https://npmjs.org/package/whatsapp-web.js
[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
[examples]: https://github.com/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js/blob/master/example.js
[auth-strategies]: https://wwebjs.dev/guide/creating-your-bot/authentication.html
[google-chrome]: https://wwebjs.dev/guide/creating-your-bot/handling-attachments.html#caveat-for-sending-videos-and-gifs
[deprecated-video]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hv1R1rLeVVE
[gitHub-sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/pedroslopez
[support-payPal]: https://www.paypal.me/psla/
[digitalocean]: https://m.do.co/c/73f906a36ed4
[contributing]: https://github.com/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[whatsapp]: https://whatsapp.com

Commit message:

Changes to be committed: 	modified:   README.md 	modified:   index.js 	modified:   package.json 	new file:   tools/codespace-client/public/index.html 	new file:   tools/codespace-client/server.js

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <br />
    <p>
        <a href="https://wwebjs.dev"><img src="https://github.com/wwebjs/assets/blob/main/Collection/GitHub/wwebjs.png?raw=true" title="whatsapp-web.js" alt="WWebJS Website" width="500" /></a>
    </p>
    <br />
    <p>
		<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/whatsapp-web.js"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/whatsapp-web.js.svg" alt="npm" /></a>
        <a href="https://depfu.com/github/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js?project_id=9765"><img src="https://badges.depfu.com/badges/4a65a0de96ece65fdf39e294e0c8dcba/overview.svg" alt="Depfu" /></a>
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp_Web-2.3000.1017054665-brightgreen.svg" alt="WhatsApp_Web 2.2346.52" />
        <a href="https://discord.gg/H7DqQs4"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/698610475432411196.svg?logo=discord" alt="Discord server" /></a>
	</p>
    <br />
</div>

## About
**A WhatsApp API client that operates via the WhatsApp Web browser.**

The library launches the WhatsApp Web browser app via Puppeteer, accessing its internal functions and creating a managed instance to reduce the risk of being blocked. This gives the API client nearly all WhatsApp Web features for dynamic use in a Node.js application.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **It is not guaranteed you will not be blocked by using this method. WhatsApp does not allow bots or unofficial clients on their platform, so this shouldn't be considered totally safe.**

## Links

* [GitHub][gitHub]
* [Guide][guide] ([source][guide-source])
* [Documentation][documentation] ([source][documentation-source])
* [Discord Server][discord]
* [npm][npm]

## Installation

The module is available on [npm][npm] via `npm i whatsapp-web.js`!

> [!NOTE]
> **Node ``v18`` or higher, is required.**  
> See the [Guide][guide] for quick upgrade instructions.

## Example usage

```js
const { Client } = require('whatsapp-web.js');

const client = new Client();

client.on('qr', (qr) => {
    // Generate and scan this code with your phone
    console.log('QR RECEIVED', qr);
});

client.on('ready', () => {
    console.log('Client is ready!');
});

client.on('message', msg => {
    if (msg.body == '!ping') {
        msg.reply('pong');
    }
});

client.initialize();
```

Take a look at [example.js][examples] for another examples with additional use cases.  
For further details on saving and restoring sessions, explore the provided [Authentication Strategies][auth-strategies].

## Run a browser client in GitHub Codespaces

You can run a lightweight browser dashboard (QR login, chats, messages, send text) directly from this repository:

```bash
npm install
npm run codespace-client
```

If Chromium fails to launch in your Codespace with missing shared libraries, install runtime dependencies first:

```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install -y \
    libatk1.0-0 libatk-bridge2.0-0 libcups2 libdrm2 libxkbcommon0 libxcomposite1 \
    libxdamage1 libxfixes3 libxrandr2 libgbm1 libasound2t64 libpango-1.0-0 libcairo2 \
    libatspi2.0-0 libgtk-3-0 libnss3 libxss1 libxtst6
```

Then, in Codespaces, forward/open the port used by the server (default: `3000`) and open it in your browser.

Notes:

- The dashboard stores your session using `LocalAuth`, so you usually only scan once per Codespace.
- Configure the port with `PORT=xxxx npm run codespace-client`.
- If needed, change Chromium headless mode with `HEADLESS=false npm run codespace-client`.
- If you want to use a custom browser binary, set `CHROME_EXECUTABLE_PATH=/path/to/chrome`.


## Supported features

| Feature  | Status |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Multi Device  | ✅  |
| Send messages  | ✅  |
| Receive messages  | ✅  |
| Send media (images/audio/documents)  | ✅  |
| Send media (video)  | ✅ [(requires Google Chrome)][google-chrome]  |
| Send stickers | ✅ |
| Receive media (images/audio/video/documents)  | ✅  |
| Send contact cards | ✅ |
| Send location | ✅ |
| Send buttons | ❌  [(DEPRECATED)][deprecated-video] |
| Send lists | ❌  [(DEPRECATED)][deprecated-video] |
| Receive location | ✅ | 
| Message replies | ✅ |
| Join groups by invite  | ✅ |
| Get invite for group  | ✅ |
| Modify group info (subject, description)  | ✅  |
| Modify group settings (send messages, edit info)  | ✅  |
| Add group participants  | ✅  |
| Kick group participants  | ✅  |
| Promote/demote group participants | ✅ |
| Mention users | ✅ |
| Mention groups | ✅ |
| Mute/unmute chats | ✅ |
| Block/unblock contacts | ✅ |
| Get contact info | ✅ |
| Get profile pictures | ✅ |
| Set user status message | ✅ |
| React to messages | ✅ |
| Create polls | ✅ |
| Channels | ✅ |
| Vote in polls | 🔜 |
| Communities | 🔜 |

Something missing? Make an issue and let us know!

## Contributing

Feel free to open pull requests; we welcome contributions! However, for significant changes, it's best to open an issue beforehand. Make sure to review our [contribution guidelines][contributing] before creating a pull request. Before creating your own issue or pull request, always check to see if one already exists!

## Supporting the project

You can support the maintainer of this project through the links below

- [Support via GitHub Sponsors][gitHub-sponsors]
- [Support via PayPal][support-payPal]
- [Sign up for DigitalOcean][digitalocean] and get $200 in credit when you sign up (Referral)

## Disclaimer

This project is not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with WhatsApp or any of its subsidiaries or its affiliates. The official WhatsApp website can be found at [whatsapp.com][whatsapp]. "WhatsApp" as well as related names, marks, emblems and images are registered trademarks of their respective owners. Also it is not guaranteed you will not be blocked by using this method. WhatsApp does not allow bots or unofficial clients on their platform, so this shouldn't be considered totally safe.

## License

Copyright 2019 Pedro S Lopez  

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  
you may not use this project except in compliance with the License.  
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software  
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,  
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and  
limitations under the License.  


[guide]: https://guide.wwebjs.dev/guide
[guide-source]: https://github.com/wwebjs/wwebjs.dev/tree/main
[documentation]: https://docs.wwebjs.dev/
[documentation-source]: https://github.com/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js/tree/main/docs
[discord]: https://discord.gg/H7DqQs4
[gitHub]: https://github.com/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js
[npm]: https://npmjs.org/package/whatsapp-web.js
[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
[examples]: https://github.com/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js/blob/master/example.js
[auth-strategies]: https://wwebjs.dev/guide/creating-your-bot/authentication.html
[google-chrome]: https://wwebjs.dev/guide/creating-your-bot/handling-attachments.html#caveat-for-sending-videos-and-gifs
[deprecated-video]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hv1R1rLeVVE
[gitHub-sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/pedroslopez
[support-payPal]: https://www.paypal.me/psla/
[digitalocean]: https://m.do.co/c/73f906a36ed4
[contributing]: https://github.com/pedroslopez/whatsapp-web.js/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
[whatsapp]: https://whatsapp.com
